= The changing face of software development =

-how does software relate to culture
-how does culture relate to software
-what software do we need


-where is software development
-where is our culture


-what software does our culture need


clients in the social web.

1)  
2) 

We might want to look how meaning travels in the real world. Shamelessly expanding code to language in general. 

Software is culture. It has always been, of course, as a human product. But it is evolving from a more pervasive kind of culture, like music or fashion.

Conceptualising software in this way *. The app store model has has enabled software as a fashion prone commodity much like pop songs.

The bra
Obviously, some people are more ‘musical’ than others, yet 
Everybody likes to listen to music, everybody sings in the bathroom, many people

How open source is effectively .
Hire a virtual private server with Linux or BSD installed, and suddenly a stack that reflects forty years of engineering practice is yours. Really yours. And learning how to use it is dead simple with the abundance of freely available information on the internet.

Software engineering as a culture has a firm presence on the internet. Wikipedia.












Communication is always . Rhizome. 

Code is really important. If you do something you want to replicate how you have done it. There is no content without implementation.

There exists no cultu

Information. Your social networks belong und

Here are some *. 

Much has been made of frameworks. They allow the rapid development of conventional applications. Rails .

meaning might remain opaque. In fact, linguists tend to believe meaning does not reside in the words themselves.

linking to the hash


Create content. Update status. 


When Novalis dreamt of \

from the closed system to the open form of the fragment (of aphorism or, as Novalis said, of an “endless novel”, which would reflect the events and coincidences of life) and from the categorical attitude of the moralists and master philosophers to intersubjective discourse between friends and those with an affinity of ideas, who seek to mobilise their imagination, provoking each other to react by formulating ideas in an open, fragmentary way. 


How little our own computers have to do with this. The operating system, which tended to house user generated documents, is bypassed




programmer productivity




The making into a thing




The historicity of the computer

The unix-jun72 project has scanned in a printout of 1st Edition UNIX from June 1972, and restored it to an incomplete but running system. Userland binaries and a C compiler have been recovered from other surviving DECtapes. http://code.google.com/p/unix-jun72/



== Eric Schrijver ==